  This system is designed to allow developers check the open source software for vulnerabilities and the licenses that it comes with. They are also able to compare the project to the policy documentation of the company. It is also designed to allow managers to request the same information that the developers have access to as well as change the policy documentation. The expected changes from the implementation of this system, are clarrification of the boundries that the developer needs to work with and allows the manager to have more information to oversee the developer. If need be there can be checks implemented into the system that allows the manager to cut off the developer if they are getting code that goes against the policy documentation too much too many times. This gives social responsibility to the developer, manager and the company becauses it is now easier to tell what licenses the software that they are getting uses, and how to fufill those licenses.  
 The developer uses this system to scan open source code. To do this, they send the software package with this code's information through a process that will scan it through the NIST Database and a License finding application. After the data from this process is found it is pushed to the Software License and Vulnerability Database. Managers and developers can pull the project information on these licenses and vulnerabilities through the Manage Project Information and Requests Process. This Will get the information from the Software License and Vulnerability Database and send it to the requestor. The developer and manager can also compare the project information with the current policy documentation. Lastly the manager can update or push new policy documentation to the Policy DB.
